c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\Noniin.exe
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\Noniin.pdb
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\Noniin.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\Noniin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\Noniin.exe
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\Noniin.pdb
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\SharpDX\en-us\SharpDX.Properties.Resources.resw
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\Noniin.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\SharpDX.pri
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\SharpDX\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Noniin\Noniin\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
