c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\GamePS.exe
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\GamePS.pdb
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\GamePS.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\FarseerPhysicsEngineMetro.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\Spritehand.PhysicsHelper.Metro.dll
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\FarseerPhysicsEngineMetro.pdb
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\FarseerPhysicsEngineMetro.pri
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\Spritehand.PhysicsHelper.Metro.pdb
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\bin\Debug\Spritehand.PhysicsHelper.Metro.pri
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\GamePS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\GamePS.exe
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\GamePS.pdb
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\GamePS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Box.g.i.cs
C:\Users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Box.g.cs
C:\Users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Box.xaml
C:\Users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Obstacle.g.i.cs
C:\Users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Obstacle.g.cs
C:\Users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Obstacle.xaml
C:\Users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Menu.g.i.cs
C:\Users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Menu.g.cs
C:\Users\codecamp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GamePS\GamePS\obj\Debug\Menu.xaml
